Allow a trust authority to trust or blacklist nodes (#23)
Informo/specs: content/trust-management/trust-authority.md

|:-----------|:----------------------|:-----|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `entities` | `blacklistedEntities` |      | Entities (sources and other trust authorities) blacklisted by the trust authority. |
| `nodes`    | `blacklistedNodes`    |      | Nodes blacklisted by the trust authority.                                          |

* `blacklistedEntities` is a map associating a Matrix user ID to a
  `blacklistEntry`.

* `blacklistedNodes` is a map associating a node's server name (as a string) to
  a `blacklistEntry`.

* `blacklistEntry` is a map using the following structure:

| Parameter     | Type              | Req. | Description                                                                                                                     |
|:--------------|:------------------|:----:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `reason_code` | `string`          |  x   | One of the reason codes defined [above](#blacklist-reason-codes).                                                               |

> | `after`       | `string`          |      | ID of the latest trustworthy event sent by the entry's target. Empty string or omit key if none (e.g. with `B_MISINFORMATION`). |

Reviewer: The after key is allowed to be present for both blacklisted entities and nodes. I don't know If it's intended (since the node blacklist is effectively a blacklist against all its users) or not.

Author: Yes it is intended, and I don't understand your point on why it seems weird to do so.

| **Node**                          | The node is managed or has been taken over by people trying to harm the federation, impersonate other news sources or taking over Matrix accounts that were previously considered as trustworthy. |

#### `B_MISINFORMATION`

This code can have different meaning depending on the target:

| Target type         | Meaning                                                                                                                                             |
|:--------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Source**          | The source has been publishing false or unverified information intentionnally.                                                                      |
| **Trust authority** | The trust authority has been certifying sources publishing false or unverified information as trustworthy intentionnally.                           |

> | **Node**            | The node exists in the sole purpose of registering sources or trust authority that either post unreliable information or certify it as trustworthy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Node**            | The node exists in the sole purpose of hosting sources or trust authorities that either post spam, phishing or unreliable information or certify deceptive entities as trustworthy. |
```

Author: Will reword slightly (since spam and fishing already are forms of unreliable information, so there's no use in explicitely mention these).
